DriversStatus.md, before:

# **Drivers status**

This list is up-to-date as of Preview5 of TinyCLR 2.0

* **Status**
  * :heavy_check_mark: : driver is working as expected.
  * :x: : driver failed or not coded. Comment says why in case of failure.
  * :clock130: : not tested yet.
  * :construction: driver currently being coded. Not available yet.

## *Complete list*

|Click Board|Code completed|Status|Comments|Download
|:-|:-:|:-:|:-|:-:
|10DOFClick|:x:|||
|4-20ma-R Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/4-20mA%20Click)
|4-20ma-T Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/4-20mA%20Click)
|AccelClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Accel%20Click)
|ADC3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Adc3%20Click)
|ADCClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/AdcClick)
|AlphaNumRClick|:x:|||
|Altitude2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Altitude3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|AltitudeClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Ambient2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|AmbientClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|BarGraph|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BargraphClick)
|BarGraph2|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Bargraph2Click)
|BarometerClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|BiHallClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BiHallClick)
|BLE2Click|:x:|||
|Bluetooth2Click|:x:|||
|BluetoothClick|:x:|||
|BME280|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BME280)
|BMP180|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ButtonRClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|BuzzerClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:|Working but throws Thread.Abort exceptions. Needs rework.|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BuzzerClick)
|CameraClick|:x:||MikroE Obsoleted the Camera Click. Won't code.|
|CANSPIClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/CANSPIClick)
|CapSenseClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/CapSenseClick)
|CC3000Click|:x:|||
|CC3100Click|:x:|||
|ccRFClick|:x:|||
|ColorClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/ColorClick)
|Compass|:x:|||
|CurrentClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|DACClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DACClick)
|DCMotor4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DCMotor4Click)
|DCMotorClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DCMotorClick)
|DevantechLCD03|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DevantechLCD03)
|DigipotClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DigipotClick)
|DS18B20Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|EEpromClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/EEpromClick)
|eInkClick|:x:|||
|EnvironmentClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ETHClick|:x:|||
|ETHWizClick|:x:|||
|EVEClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|FeverClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|FingerPrintClick|:x:|||
|FlameClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|FlashMemory|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FlashMemory)
|FMClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|No stations found|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FMClick)
|FRAMClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FRAMClick)
|FTDIClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FTDIClick)
|GNSSClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/GNSSClick)
|GPS2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/GPS2Click)
|GPS3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|GPS3ClickFull|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|GPS3ClickMinimal|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|GPSClick|:x:|||
|GSM2Click|:x:|||
|GSM3Click|:x:|||
|GSMClick|:x:|||
|GyroClick|:x:|||
|HDC1000Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|HT16K33|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/HT16K33)
|HTU21D|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|I2CMuxClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/I2CMuxClick)
|IlluminanceClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|IRClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|IrDA2Click|:x:|||
|IRGestureClick|:x:|:construction:||
|IRThermo2Click|:x:|||
|IRThermoClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/IRThermoClick)
|JoystickClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/JoystickClick)
|Keypad4x3|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Keypad4x3)
|Led8x8Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Led8x8Click)
|LedRing|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/LedRing)
|LightClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/LightClick)
|LightHZClick|:x:|||
|LinHallClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|L-MeterClick|:x:|||
|MatrixRGBClick|:x:|||
|MicroSDClick|:x:|||
|MotionClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|MP3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|No sound.|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/MP3Click)
|NRFcClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/NRFcClick)
|nRFsClick|:x:|||
|OLEDBW|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|OLED-CClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/OLED-CClick)
|OnboardFlash|:heavy_check_mark:||Onboard Flash not available on GHI dev boards in Preview5|
|OptoClick|:x:|||
|Pressure11Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Pressure4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Pressure5Click|:x:|||
|Pressure8Click|:x:|||
|Pressure9Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|PressureClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/PressureClick)
|Proximity3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Proximity3Click)
|ProximityClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/ProximityClick)
|PWMClick|:x:|||
|PWMDriverClick|:x:|||
|RadioStationClick|:x:|||
|ReedClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Relay2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|RelayClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/RelayClick)
|RFIDClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|Hangs at WaitForData() also Interupt for DataReady never fires.|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/RFIDClick)
|RHT03|:x:|||
|RotaryClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/RotaryClick)
|RS232Click|:x:|||
|RS485Click|:x:|||
|RTC2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|RTC4Click|:x:|:construction:||
|RTC5Click|:x:|||
|RTCClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|SerialLCD|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|SevenSegClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/SevenSegClick)
|SHT11Click|:x:|||
|SHTClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|SpeakUpClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|Does not seem to recognize orders|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/SpeakUpClick)
|SRAMClick|:x:|||
|StepperClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/StepperClick)
|TempHum10Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum11Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum12Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum5Click|:x:|||
|TempHum6Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum7Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum8Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum9Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHumClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo13Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo2Click|:x:|||
|Thermo3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Thermo4Click)
|Thermo6Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo8click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ThermoClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermostat2Click|:x:|||
|ThremostatClick|:x:|||
|ThumbstickClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ThunderClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/ThunderClick)
|TiltClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TinyFileSystem|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/TinyFileSystem)
|TouchKeyClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|tRFClick|:x:|||
|UniHallClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/UniHallClick)
|Unique ID Click|:x:|||
|USBSPIClick|:x:|||
|USBUARTClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/USBUARTClick)
|UVClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|WeatherClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:|I2C Version only.|
|Wifi|:x:|||
|Wifi2Click|:x:|||
|Wifi3Click|:x:|||
|Wifi5Click|:x:|||
|WifiPlusClick|:x:|||

Commit message:

Added GNSS4 and GNSS ZOE Click modules

DriversStatus.md, after:

# **Drivers status**

This list is up-to-date as of Preview6 of TinyCLR 2.0

* **Status**
  * :heavy_check_mark: : driver is working as expected.
  * :x: : driver failed or not coded. Comment says why in case of failure.
  * :clock130: : not tested yet.
  * :construction: driver currently being coded. Not available yet.

## *Complete list*

|Click Board|Code completed|Status|Comments|Download
|:-|:-:|:-:|:-|:-:
|10DOFClick|:x:|||
|4-20ma-R Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/4-20mA%20Click)
|4-20ma-T Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/4-20mA%20Click)
|AccelClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Accel%20Click)
|ADC3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Adc3%20Click)
|ADCClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/AdcClick)
|AlphaNumRClick|:x:|||
|Altitude2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Altitude3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|AltitudeClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Ambient2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|AmbientClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|BarGraph|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BargraphClick)
|BarGraph2|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Bargraph2Click)
|BarometerClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|BiHallClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BiHallClick)
|BLE2Click|:x:|||
|Bluetooth2Click|:x:|||
|BluetoothClick|:x:|||
|BME280|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BME280)
|BMP180|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ButtonRClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|BuzzerClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:|Working but throws Thread.Abort exceptions. Needs rework.|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/BuzzerClick)
|CameraClick|:x:||MikroE Obsoleted the Camera Click. Won't code.|
|CANSPIClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/CANSPIClick)
|CapSenseClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/CapSenseClick)
|CC3000Click|:x:|||
|CC3100Click|:x:|||
|ccRFClick|:x:|||
|ColorClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/ColorClick)
|Compass|:x:|||
|CurrentClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|DACClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DACClick)
|DCMotor4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DCMotor4Click)
|DCMotorClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DCMotorClick)
|DevantechLCD03|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DevantechLCD03)
|DigipotClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/DigipotClick)
|DS18B20Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|EEpromClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/EEpromClick)
|eInkClick|:x:|||
|EnvironmentClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ETHClick|:x:|||
|ETHWizClick|:x:|||
|EVEClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|FeverClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|FingerPrintClick|:x:|||
|FlameClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|FlashMemory|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FlashMemory)
|FMClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|No stations found|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FMClick)
|FRAMClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FRAMClick)
|FTDIClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/FTDIClick)
|GNSSClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/GNSSClick)
|GNSS4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Gnss4Click)
|GnssZoeClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/GnssZoeClick)
|GPS2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/GPS2Click)
|GPS3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|GPS3ClickFull|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|GPS3ClickMinimal|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|GPSClick|:x:|||
|GSM2Click|:x:|||
|GSM3Click|:x:|||
|GSMClick|:x:|||
|GyroClick|:x:|||
|HDC1000Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|HT16K33|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/HT16K33)
|HTU21D|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|I2CMuxClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/I2CMuxClick)
|IlluminanceClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|IRClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|IrDA2Click|:x:|||
|IRGestureClick|:x:|:construction:||
|IRThermo2Click|:x:|||
|IRThermoClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/IRThermoClick)
|JoystickClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/JoystickClick)
|Keypad4x3|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Keypad4x3)
|Led8x8Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Led8x8Click)
|LedRing|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/LedRing)
|LightClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/LightClick)
|LightHZClick|:x:|||
|LinHallClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|L-MeterClick|:x:|||
|MatrixRGBClick|:x:|||
|MicroSDClick|:x:|||
|MotionClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|MP3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|No sound.|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/MP3Click)
|NRFcClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/NRFcClick)
|nRFsClick|:x:|||
|OLEDBW|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|OLED-CClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/OLED-CClick)
|OnboardFlash|:heavy_check_mark:||Onboard Flash not available on GHI dev boards in Preview5|
|OptoClick|:x:|||
|Pressure11Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Pressure4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Pressure5Click|:x:|||
|Pressure8Click|:x:|||
|Pressure9Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|PressureClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/PressureClick)
|Proximity3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Proximity3Click)
|ProximityClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/ProximityClick)
|PWMClick|:x:|||
|PWMDriverClick|:x:|||
|RadioStationClick|:x:|||
|ReedClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Relay2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|RelayClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/RelayClick)
|RFIDClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|Hangs at WaitForData() also Interupt for DataReady never fires.|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/RFIDClick)
|RHT03|:x:|||
|RotaryClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/RotaryClick)
|RS232Click|:x:|||
|RS485Click|:x:|||
|RTC2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|RTC4Click|:x:|:construction:||
|RTC5Click|:x:|||
|RTCClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|SerialLCD|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|SevenSegClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/SevenSegClick)
|SHT11Click|:x:|||
|SHTClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|SpeakUpClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:x:|Does not seem to recognize orders|[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/SpeakUpClick)
|SRAMClick|:x:|||
|StepperClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/StepperClick)
|TempHum10Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum11Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum12Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum2Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum5Click|:x:|||
|TempHum6Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum7Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum8Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHum9Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TempHumClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo13Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo2Click|:x:|||
|Thermo3Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo4Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/Thermo4Click)
|Thermo6Click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermo8click|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ThermoClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|Thermostat2Click|:x:|||
|ThremostatClick|:x:|||
|ThumbstickClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|ThunderClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/ThunderClick)
|TiltClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|TinyFileSystem|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/TinyFileSystem)
|TouchKeyClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|tRFClick|:x:|||
|UniHallClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/UniHallClick)
|Unique ID Click|:x:|||
|USBSPIClick|:x:|||
|USBUARTClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:heavy_check_mark:||[:floppy_disk:](Drivers/USBUARTClick)
|UVClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:||
|WeatherClick|:heavy_check_mark:|:clock130:|I2C Version only.|
|Wifi|:x:|||
|Wifi2Click|:x:|||
|Wifi3Click|:x:|||
|Wifi5Click|:x:|||
|WifiPlusClick|:x:|||
